i
hello to all guys and girls that with
this new update of day 12 of
November is if we know what it is for
on account provides them take
12 but I wear it with camouflage
festive is one of the new things of the
update is free to download for
the least on xbox is I do not know if it's also
it's on playstation pc that's good since
I am seeing now the one that you have just
see that ice camouflage is to carry
the to catch him season pass but well what
of season pass I'll explain tomorrow
another video keep in mind that this is
the second video that comes up today the first
is the burning with fashion has seen yet
upload it simply as seen a
update as I am encouraged to upload a
video other than this as a festive outfit
it also changes you there is a no
logo and a new background and apart from
this the most interesting thing is that you can
customize your dog this is not free
this costs money in a wolf as you see
Amerador on the left then where
you are here a new white that as a
husky not one of the snow that gives me
very much do not think that it kills the triple
nor is the host of good still
just as good what happens that now the
wolf instead of being a dog of these that
it seems the German shepherd is a wolf that
It's pretty cool, it's just not
it's equally standing is just as silly
it stays quiet sometimes but it sounds a lot
Saltillo imagine clearer when
the wolf pounces on his neck there is
little salt dance on his neck and
saying what the fuck did I just
invent what is that now that is
rather handsome cost of about two
euros I'm already doing in a team this
I do not know if it is also already
available on pay 383 play 4 whatever
and I said I was going to do it because I was going to
invest in this ethical charge this in the
channel and that's good because I hope that
some day that money will be reimbursed
but hey, he bought me today so they are
to continue buying me the book that has
come out with the update as already
I am saying with flagella and how
festive that the truth that is like the
Christmas is super ugly but good I've
put to teach us what to you
download it clear that yes I'm cool and
simulates well it would not be free then
speaks of simply uploading a new
video then tomorrow apart from the video that
we have war of clans that eat
place a good news of chance that
spain please do not miss it is
super interesting about one with the
new season pass camouflages with the
free for all and with something else that
good that surely later it turns out to you
interesting is simply a game
of gold by teams I do not want to cover them
A lot is short, I will not leave the
whole we won is a beating that not 2010
one thing follow I do not know anything else just
make a mini video to explain the
new update because you know the
dog as a festive trip
Pretty cool but pretty cool I'll
I recommend just as I said that
It costs two euros you are going to shop you can
download there and then you give it to aperson
when you do not have this ice climbing to
customize where you change the suit and
all that and down comes the watchdog
and you can change the dog for a logo
and people are left with lol's face like
the head because the face that stays with
elements with him but it has to be a
curious face just nothing else these
guys to the elections I wait for the video
and tomorrow and tomorrow we have camouflages of
football and all that because as I have
bought if they are passed and still not
I had but I hope it has
liked the mini vido in the ministry
of the life of the new update and
what was said, the video was expected and from
tomorrow you later